[Storage] align with documentation guide (#7423)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-blob/README.md

[Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage/storage-blob/samples) |
[Azure Storage Blob REST APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/blob-service-rest-api)

## Getting started

> ### Install the package

Reviewer: Move `### Install the package` after Prerequisites

## Getting started

**Prerequisites**: You must have an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) and a [Storage Account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-portal) to use this package. If you are using this package in a Node.js application, then Node.js version 8.0.0 or higher is required.

### Install the package

The preferred way to install the Azure Storage Blob client library for JavaScript is to use the npm package manager. Type the following into a terminal window:

```bash
npm install @azure/storage-blob
```

### Authenticate the client

Azure Storage supports several ways to authenticate. In order to interact with the Azure Blob Storage service you'll need to create an instance of a Storage client - `BlobServiceClient`, `ContainerClient`, or `BlobClient` for example. See [samples for creating the `BlobServiceClient`](#create-the-blob-service-client) to learn more about authentication.
- [Azure Active Directory](#with-defaultazurecredential-from-azureidentity-package)
- [Shared Key](#with-storagesharedkeycredential)
- [Shared access signatures](#with-sas-token)

#### Azure Active Directory

>  The Azure Blob Storage service supports the use of Azure Active Directory to authenticate requests to its APIs. The [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) package provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to do this. Please see the [README for `@azure/identity`](/sdk/identity/identity/README.md) for more details and samples to get you started.

Reviewer 2: Minor: Additional space added here?

Author: Fixed.

npm install @azure/storage-blob
```

> ### Authenticate the client

Reviewer: `the client` and `In order to interact with the Storage Service you'll need to create an instance of the Service Client class.` sound like we only support authenticating the service client but actually service/container/blob clients are all supported. Please consider some rewording.

> Azure Storage supports several ways to authenticate. In order to interact with the Storage Service you'll need to create an instance of the StorageClient class - BlobServiceClient, ContainerClient and BlobClient for example. See [samples for creating BlobServiceClient](#create-the-blob-service-client) to learn more about authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Storage supports several ways to authenticate. In order to interact with the Storage Service you'll need to create an instance of a Storage client - `BlobServiceClient`, `ContainerClient`, or `BlobClient` for example. See [samples for creating `BlobServiceClient`](#create-the-blob-service-client) to learn more about authentication.
```

- [Azure Active Directory](#with-defaultazurecredential-from-azureidentity-package)
- [Shared Key](#with-storagesharedkeycredential)
- [Shared access signatures](with-sas-token)

#### Azure Active Directory

>  The Azure Blob Storage service supports the use of Azure Active Directory to authenticate requests to its APIs. The [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) package provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to do this. The [README for `@azure/identity`](/sdk/identity/identity/README.md) provides more details and samples to get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Azure Blob Storage service supports the use of Azure Active Directory to authenticate requests to its APIs. The [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) package provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to do this. Please see the [README for `@azure/identity`](/sdk/identity/identity/README.md) for more details and samples to get you started.
```

- Exposed headers: \*
- Maximum age (seconds): 86400

## Key concepts

Blob storage is designed for:

- Serving images or documents directly to a browser.
- Storing files for distributed access.
- Streaming video and audio.
- Writing to log files.
- Storing data for backup and restore, disaster recovery, and archiving.

> - Storing data for analysis by an on-premises or Azure-hosted service.

Reviewer 3: on-premise

Author: No, should have the `s` according to [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On-premises_software).

Use the constructor to create a instance of `BlobServiceClient`.

> #### DefaultAzureCredential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### with `DefaultAzureCredential` from `@azure/identity` package
```

> **Recommended way to instantiate a `BlobServiceClient` - with `DefaultAzureCredential` from `@azure/identity` package**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Recommended way to instantiate a `BlobServiceClient`**
```

  [Note - Above steps are only for Node.js]

> #### StorageSharedKeyCredential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### with StorageSharedKeyCredential
```

  );
  ```

> #### SAS Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### with SAS Token
```
